Add `CARGO_PKG_README` (#11645)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/environment-variables.md

* `CARGO_PKG_RUST_VERSION` — The Rust version from the manifest of your package.
  Note that this is the minimum Rust version supported by the package, not the
  current Rust version.

> * `CARGO_PKG_README` — The location of README of your package.

Reviewer: Path sounds more appropriate to me. 

```suggestion
* `CARGO_PKG_README` — Path to the README file of your package.
```

> * `CARGO_PKG_README` — Path to the README file of your package.

Reviewer: See #11646

We use `---` to write em dash in markdown files. Tools will help us the conversion.

```suggestion
* `CARGO_PKG_README` --- Path to the README file of your package.
```

Author: @weihanglo I will fix that in a minute
